c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\test\bin\Debug\test.exe.config
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\bin\Debug\test.exe
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\bin\Debug\test.pdb
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\test_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\test_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\test.g.resources
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\test.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\test.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\test.exe
c:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\test.pdb
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\login.g.cs
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\login.baml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\mainadmin.g.cs
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\mainadmin.baml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\pegawai.g.cs
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\pegawai.baml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\tambahpegawai.g.cs
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\tambahpegawai.baml
D:\Semester 6\PSBO\test\test\bin\Debug\test.exe.config
D:\Semester 6\PSBO\test\test\obj\Debug\test.exe
D:\Semester 6\PSBO\test\test\obj\Debug\test.pdb
